My dad must have been one of the younger ones because he was 17.
A lot of people have written about the hardships of internment,
but my dad just had funny stories to tell and regarded the whole thing as a bit of an adventure.
Which maybe because of his age it was.
One thing he said, it was very cold in Canada.
So first he was sent to Highton in Liverpool, which was a holding camp.
Then he was sent to the Isle of Man and he did tell all these stories.
I mean, I heard them fresh from him without any sense of cliche about how the Isle of Man, it was like a university to him.
He learned such a lot about music, the Amadeus Portet.
He heard them play. He learned to play bridge, which was his lifelong passion.
And he learned all sorts of things. It was really a real education.
And obviously he was surrounded by sort of middle European Jewish people who were the milieu that he was used to.
So there was a sort of comfortable.
He told you stories about the food, the rations were absolutely rubbish in Canada.
But you had all these Vietnamese pastry chefs and they take all the rations and all this awful meat, quality meat that were being sent.
Make it into salami and sell it back to the Canadians at a profit.
But one thing that must have been missing.
So I've got not all, but I've got about 15 or 20 letters that my dad wrote home from the internment camp.
And it was, please send, I mean, he wasn't very.
He didn't say very much, quite large writing, quite small paper.
Please send warm trousers and chocolate.